The duty of the Capital's Embroidered Uniform Guard
in the eyes of the common people,
possesses the might of an eagle striking the sky,
positioned high above in the heavens.
Yet they do not know we toil day and night,
rising early and sleeping late,
seeking only not to disgrace the Imperial grace.
Like hawks and hounds, claws and teeth,
we obey the Eastern and Western Depots.
I was raised and taught by the Eastern Depot since childhood.
The grace of giving me a second life
must never be betrayed.
However,
holding a position requires fulfilling its duties.
I must tread on thin ice all day long,
speaking and acting with caution.
How can there be in this world
a perfect way to satisfy both sides?
Coroner,
have you determined the Superintendent's cause of death?
Replying to Your Honor,
I have examined carefully.
The Superintendent
was killed by arrows
piercing vital spots.
His face and arms
have superficial burn injuries,
but they were not fatal.
In other words,
it was...
Impossible.
I saw it clearly last night.
It was the Embroidered Uniform Guard who ordered
the volley of arrows.
How could they act so recklessly?
We absolutely cannot attribute Feng Hai's death
to the Embroidered Uniform Guard's poor command.
If this gets out,
the Eastern Depot and the Embroidered Uniform Guard
will become the laughingstock of the entire capital.
But right now,
the Grand Court of Justice knows Feng Hai's cause of death.
Lord Shen,
gossip is hard to control.
How can you, just because someone provoked you,
draw your blade to kill?
Then wouldn't Lord Shen have endless people to kill?
That would show a lack of magnanimity.
Besides,
that Uncle Zhang's life is cheap.
There is no need
for Lord Shen to do it himself.
Right?
Such words,
do not let me hear them again.
Better to think about why, on the Superintendent's body,
strange phenomena suddenly appeared.
Last night,
the Superintendent complained the execution ground was leaking.
There has been no rain in the capital recently.
Why would it leak?
It's the smell of pine resin.
No wonder the water stains haven't dried overnight.
Mixed in here are also
saltpeter,
sulfur,
camphor,
and arsenic.
Then there is no mistake.
This is the Divine Machine Battalion's
recipe for the Fire Dragon Divine Artillery Formation.
Igniting the substances to create smoke,
then dripping it onto the Superintendent's face and hands.
Then using the clothes
and the illusion of falling snow to confuse the senses.
It couldn't be more perfect.
Vice Minister Zhang seems to be quite knowledgeable
about these firearms and mechanisms.
What is so strange about that?
Vice Minister Zhang once served in the Divine Machine Battalion
under General Lin Feng.
It would be strange if he didn't know.
Correct.
At this dripping speed,
in less than half an incense stick's time,
on the Superintendent's body,
enough quantity could accumulate.
Then,
by using fire...
No.
It was using wind to blind the eyes,
with chaotic butterflies, fire, and rising smoke.
Before the execution supervision yesterday,
I had already asked the Imperial Observatory
to observe last night's celestial phenomena.
A south wind would rise,
and there would be no fog.
If the smoke on the Superintendent
was man-made,
then the fog
must also have been man-made.
Who were those gathered in the south last night?
They were all opera singers and jugglers.
Their props were all prepared there.
A sturdy hardwood handle for stability.
The tube is filled with sand and gunpowder, then lit
to generate smoke.
Riding the south wind,
it drifted to the execution platform.
The common people last night
could no longer distinguish reality from illusion.
First came the spring snow,
and the scent of plum blossoms.
The people all thought
that as the petals drifted away,
mixed with sparks,
they ignited the Superintendent.
The supervising official disappeared.
Form the arrow formation!
Fire!
From this, we can see
that the Superintendent's death
was not caused by supernatural forces,
but by the arrows of the Embroidered Uniform Guard.
Illusion Magic
is achieved through drugs
or mystical techniques.
What appears does not truly exist.
Or perhaps,
it is a trick of the eye.
In that case,
all the inconsistencies
can be easily explained.
But last night,
the realism of fighting that evil ghost
still lingers.
It must be
more than just simple Illusion Magic.
Flowers in a mirror,
truth amidst the void.
To make the battle-hardened Embroidered Uniform Guard
believe in
the authenticity of the illusion,
it shows that within it,
there must be something real.
At the time of the execution,
everyone was affected by the Nuo opera masks.
Therefore,
what appeared to everyone
was related to the Nuo opera masks.
But,
there are millions of ghosts and monsters in the world.
What appears in everyone's mind
must be different.
So,
the key to seeing through the trick of the eye
is actually very simple.
Find the one thing they all saw the same,
and that is the real one.
This evil ghost moved with floating agility,
weaving freely through the Embroidered Uniform Guard.
Even when struck with fatal wounds,
its speed never diminished.
This struck fear into the Embroidered Uniform Guard,
causing them to lose judgment.
Carved wooden puppets,
half like gods, half like ghosts.
Their forms carved to mimic reality.
With the pull of a string,
they come to life.
It is Puppetry.
As long as the controller's hands can move,
it can fight without dying.
This person is a woman from the Western Regions
Dressed in red
With slender, jade-like fingers
And a charming face
Every gesture she makes
Exudes an alluring aura
Well?
Is the drawing finished?
It's done, it's done
My Lord
Look
You really are as excellent as ever
This is a veteran of illusion magic
A puppeteer in the Western Region style
I'll have Shuimo and Danqing
Go to town and ask about their appearance
Lord Zhang
Are you sure you didn't over-beautify the assassin?
Is she pretty?
Could it be you've taken a fancy to this Dou E Snow Girl?
My Lords
You've misunderstood
Whenever it's a good-looking
And charming young woman
Our Lord
Never forgets a face
And captures it perfectly in drawing
I think this girl
Has top-tier looks
Which happens to suit our Lord's taste
Come off it
Rather than calling her a girl
It's better to call her a little lunatic
I fought her last night
Her martial arts come from the Tang Clan
She excels in light footwork, short crossbows, and daggers
And the hidden weapons she uses are rare too
You could say
She is a peerless expert
If it is truly as Lord Zhang says
We should very soon
Be able to arrest these three suspects
My Lord
We searched from door to door
But found no trace of Li Chenyang
Yes
Although Li Chenyang is the Minister of War
He is merely a civil official
The capital was sealed off immediately
Where could he have fled to?
Last night, the Snow Girl
Descended from the sky to Li Chenyang's side
But even with her superior martial arts
She couldn't possibly take Lord Li, a mere civil official
And hijack him away from the execution ground
I think it was
A bait-and-switch
Battalion Commander Yuan
Check the Embroidered Uniform Guard death toll last night
The body count at the scene last night
Two officials were beheaded
Fifteen Embroidered Uniform Guards
Seven claimed by relatives in the capital
Also
Check last night's roster
If I remember correctly
The non-local Embroidered Uniform Guards supervising
Should only number seven people
In that case
Our Lord Li
Should be in the safest place in the capital
Girl
This place
Has its taboos
You can't just lie down here
My fortune is heavy enough to suppress it
I'm afraid you'll suffocate Lord Li
Search!
Yes, sir!
You go over there.
This way. This way.
Check over there.
Reporting, my lord.
Nothing found.
Nothing here either.
Where are the bodies of the Guards sent last night?
Reporting, Battalion Commander.
The bodies of the deceased Guards...
...were all claimed last night.
It is already dawn.
The non-local officers should be preparing to leave the city.
The city is sealed for three days.
Who authorized you to send bodies out of the city?
Please calm your anger, Commissioner.
Let's go.
Commissioner Shen, no need to be anxious.
Vice Minister Zhang.
Why don't you focus on catching the suspect?
I will lead the Embroidered Uniform Guard to track Li Chenyang.
How about that?
The Grand Court of Justice and the Embroidered Uniform Guard are investigating together.
The Grand Court naturally won't slack off.
But rest assured, Commissioner Shen.
We have arranged men to catch the suspect in the city.
This Li Chenyang definitely cannot escape.
You really think of everything.
The capital is under curfew for three days.
Why are you leaving the city?
The bodies of these seven non-local Guards...
...must be sent out immediately.
To be buried in their hometowns.
This is a document specially approved by His Majesty for the Commander.
Hold on.
We are under orders to investigate...
...the case of Li Chenyang's abduction.
We suspect...
...that Li Chenyang is hiding...
...inside these coffins.
So we must open the coffins to inspect the bodies now.
Well...
My lord.
My lord!
You can't open them!
This is our young master.
Opening the coffin during transport...
...is a great taboo!
Men!
My lord!
Open the coffins!
My lord! You can't, my lord! My lord!
My lord!
Where exactly did we go wrong?
Commissioner Shen, no need to blame yourself.
Perhaps I made a mistake in my reasoning.
These unruly people.
They have no manners at all.
What is this?
It's disgusting.
Let me see.
It smells of pig skin and yellow mud.
These are materials needed for the Art of Disguise.
Who was the one hugging you and crying just now?
A diversion.
They tampered with the coffins on purpose...
...to draw our attention...
...to the bodies inside the coffins.
Causing us to overlook...
...the people taking the coffins out.
By now, they must be...
...on the official road out of the city.
We absolutely cannot let Li Chenyang escape the capital.
Battalion Commander Yuan.
Here.
Do a headcount.
Follow me out of the city to make the arrest.
Vice Minister Zhang, stay and guard the city.
In case of any unexpected incidents.
When it comes to stealing credit...
...Commissioner Shen really doesn't hold back at all.
My Lord! My Lord!
This lowly one is...
Wang Xi, the steward of Taiyuan Prefecture in Shanxi.
Please spare my life!
Everyone, present your travel documents.
Examine every word and sentence carefully.
If anyone has forged them,
kill them on the spot.
My Lord.
Here are his documents.
Wang Xi.
Raise your head.
Do you not understand My Lord's words?
If you hesitate for another moment,
careful, or I'll make your head leave your shoulders.
My Lord.
This man's behavior doesn't seem faked.
If he were using the Art of Disguise,
there should be signs of the skin peeling.
My Lord.
My Lord, spare me!
This face is real.
Indeed, there are no signs of disguise.
Li Chenyang doesn't even fear beheading.
How could he be scared into such a state by us?
Where did you get this stain?
In reply to My Lord,
it was when I was transporting the Little Young Master's body.
I brushed against the coffin.
I thought it was nothing,
so I didn't pay it any mind.
I didn't expect
to bring bad luck to My Lord.
My Lord, spare me!
Forget it.
Where have the others transporting the coffin gone?
In reply to My Lord,
I heard
they returned to the official residence in the old capital, Jiangnan.
You should know how the Embroidered Uniform Guard operates.
For the sake of your Little Young Master,
who once served the Embroidered Uniform Guard,
we will not pursue this matter with you today.
Thank you, My Lord.
If word spreads from Shanxi Prefecture
regarding any gossip about today,
do not blame us for disregarding past sentiments.
Now get lost, hurry!
Thank you, My Lord.
Go, quickly.
Thank you, My Lord. Thank you, My Lord.
Along all official roads leaving the capital,
and the small paths,
pursue their whereabouts.
Investigate everyone's identity clearly.
Return and report.
If there is anything suspicious,
kill them on the spot.
You treacherous castrated thief!
Framing the loyal and good!
Murdering
innocent commoners!
Robbing the rich and deceiving superiors!
Seeking personal gain!
Your crimes are truly heinous!
Today,
I shall take your life
and cast you into
the eighteen hells!
Good, good, good.
My Lord.
This mortal world
is full of injustice.
Please hide with me for three days
to find ironclad proof of innocence.
My Lord.
While you were away,
a group of people
set up a stage here to perform.
Among them, a woman in white
matches the figure of last night's assassin.
This is clearly
a provocation to the Eastern Depot's authority.
Furthermore,
Vice Minister Zhang Yi of the Grand Court of Justice
clearly knows something is amiss,
yet refuses to arrest them.
This...
What do you know?
Arresting them now
would only alert the enemy.
Observing them closely
is the best strategy.
In three days, your name will be cleared,
and you shall return to the world.
Thank you for saving me today, heroine.
Heaven's justice is clear.
I, Li Chenyang, have heaven and earth as my witness.
I die with no regrets.
I believe that one day,
the truth will come to light.
My Lord,
not arresting them now,
isn't that inappropriate?
The people of the capital are watching.
If the Eastern Depot
suspects that our Grand Court of Justice
is intentionally shielding them,
wouldn't that be even more troublesome?
As long as they resist arrest in public,
their guilt
will be confirmed.
Let me handle it.
You?
If things go wrong, heads will roll.
I'll do it.
Audacious suspect!
Surrender at once!
My Lord,
why would you, for no reason,
attack a humble woman?
The Grand Court is committing violence in the street!
Your Grand Court is too bold!
Do you know who she is?
I don't care who she is.
You are now a suspect involved
in last night's abduction case.
Return with me to the Grand Court.
My Lord,
I'm injured.
I can't walk.
Take her away.
Lord Shen.
Thank you for your trouble, Vice Minister Zhang.
This case has made new progress.
You are too kind, Lord Shen.
Tang Xi.
Young Master of the Tang Clan.
Rose to fame in the martial world at thirteen.
Known as
Gateless.
Put your legs down.
Have you no manners?
Don't think that just because you're a girl,
I can't handle you.
In the Tang Clan,
I am the rule.
This is the Grand Court of Justice.
In the Grand Court of Justice, I am the rule.
Don't think that because the Tang Clan is a Jianghu clan,
with the Imperial Court's protection,
that you can do as you please
and evade punishment.
If you don't want to implicate the Tang Clan,
then confess honestly.
Why did you hijack Li Chenyang?
Where is Li Chenyang now?
Speak!
Where is your skill at talking back now?
Skill?
Naturally, I have it.
I, Wu Qiangu, have traveled far and wide.
I have seen all the strange arts under heaven.
You common people,
how could you grasp the methods?
So you're saying,
you admit to conspiring with Tang Xi and Yuan Ran,
using exquisite illusion magic
to hijack Li Chenyang?
Where is Li Chenyang now?
Lord Commissioner,
when did I admit to this fatal crime?
I, Wu Qiangu,
though a lowly person of the Jianghu,
cannot be so
framed like this.
If it wasn't you,
then how do you explain that before the execution,
you gave the commoners
plum blossom branches containing illusion powder?
Plum blossom branches containing illusion powder?
Of course, it was for
the elegant pleasure of gifting floral scents.
Besides,
that kind of illusion at the execution ground,
how can it be considered exquisite?
The art of withering and flourishing plants...
In this world,
the true exquisite illusion magic is
resurrection from the dead.
Life and death,
changing endlessly.
My Lord,
do you want to learn?
You monster.
Where is Li Chenyang?
My Lord seems
indifferent to life, death, or reputation.
Then why do your eyes
reveal a hint of interest?
Is it that your parents are in their twilight years?
No.
Not parents.
It is a close relative.
To raise My Lord to be so cute,
they must be a person of high status and power.
You are plotting something.
What are you doing up there?
Can't I be up here?
This prison cell is really terribly stuffy.
I can't catch my breath.
My chest feels tight.
I'm so tired now.
Little official, can you do me a favor?
Help me undo my clothes.
What "Little official"?
I am a dignified rank 5 Battalion Commander of the Embroidered Uniform Guard.
You sit over there for me.
I won't.
Yuan Ran.
From the Western Regions.
Last night before the execution,
why did you sing "The Injustice to Dou E"?
Carrying a puppet to commit murder at the execution ground.
Your puppet...
Where is your puppet now?
Little official, you've touched my sore spot.
That puppet of mine...
I don't know which bastard
stole it away.
That was
made from the bones of my short-lived husband.
As soon as I mention this, my chest hurts terribly.
Little official,
hurry and rub it for me.
How did it go?
That sorcerer Wu Qiangu...
his sorcery is formidable.
He knows mind-reading spells.
He's truly hard to figure out.
That's nothing.
That Western Region woman named Yuan Ran...
is more terrifying than my father's concubines.
I suspect my chastity
has been tainted.
That Tang Xi refuses to say a word.
He's wearing down my patience.
It's fine if he doesn't talk.
If he won't talk, hand him over.
I need to calm down a bit.
Wait a moment.
Let's go.
Tang Xi.
The Young Master of the Tang Clan.
Switching people already?
Wu Qiangu.
Known in the Jianghu as Cloth Tiger.
Skilled in gambling techniques,
Illusion Magic,
and tricks of the eye.
Nothing but useless tricks.
Thank you for the compliment, my lord.
I'm just trying to make a living
in the Jianghu, that's all.
This official is even more handsome
than that little official just now.
I wonder if you can be a bit tougher.
Don't think that just because you're a woman,
I won't beat you.
Are you planning to interrogate us in shifts?
I advise you to give up.
I've been trained.
I can outlast even the hawks of the Western Regions,
let alone humans.
If possible,
please write down a name for me.
Does the Embroidered Uniform Guard skip torture now
and go straight for a blank confession?
I simply admire you.
I want to know a bit more about you.
Let's be friends first.
If you want to beat or scold me, go ahead, my lord.
Instead of saying these bluffing words,
why not do something meaningful?
What a bunch of lunatics.
Let me tell you,
the one you moved against this time
is the Superintendent of the Eastern Depot.
Tang Xi has the Tang Clan's protection.
You and Yuan Ran are veterans of the Jianghu.
You should know clearly
when disaster strikes,
how to play it safe.
I was innocent to begin with.
If the Depot and Guard are determined to frame me,
there's nothing I can do about it.
The city is sealed for three days.
The time the Eastern Depot left for the Grand Court of Justice
doesn't seem to be much.
Speak.
After Li Chenyang was hijacked last night,
where did you go?
Where did Li Chenyang go?
I haven't eaten since yesterday.
How about
you cook a bowl of noodles for me?
I am very curious.
With your current martial arts skills,
could you not
slaughter the entire Grand Court of Justice and escape?
You killed Feng Hai anyway.
So the word "slaughter"
is a term of praise at the Grand Court of Justice.
Let me take a good look at you.
This full official uniform...
I remember the Vice Minister of the Grand Court of Justice
seems to be
a soldier returned from the battlefield, right?
Can you not stand the sight of red?
Why is it red?
Is it the glow of the setting sun?
Is it war banners and armor?
Is the heart red like soldiers' blood?
Tell me.
What did you see?
What is it
that causes you such pain?
Get away!
Speak. Where is Li Chenyang?
Um...
Am I disturbing you?
Please continue.
Vice Minister Zhang.
What is it?
Come here.
This is a disaster.
Someone has escaped.
Here, give that to me.
Isn't this a coincidence?
Isn't this the Lord Zhang...
...who arrested us just now?
What happened?
Nothing.
What could possibly happen?
You big shots love beating around the bush.
Let me just ask you something.
How is your relationship with Tang Xi?
Is that any of your business?
Of course it has nothing to do with me.
But she just took Battalion Commander Yuan hostage...
...and escaped the Grand Court of Justice.
Does that have anything to do with you?
Is that crazy girl even human?
I... I'll tell...
...those old fogies at the Tang Clan...
...that she did such an outrageous thing.
I was completely out of my mind.
Alright then.
Darn it.
Flattery didn't work.
So you've switched to coercion.
Getting serious now.
Harsh punishments and strict laws...
...break the courage of traitors.
As long as we pry open one person's mouth...
...the others are sure to talk.
My Lord.
Were you scared just now?
Or afraid I'd find out something about you?
Just now, you indeed...
...triggered some memories for me.
But coincidentally...
When I was relaxing outside just now...
...I happened to hear Miss Yuan Ran and Lord Shen...
...being all lovey-dovey.
...and they accidentally let slip...
...that it was the Tang Clan elders...
...who told her to protect Tang Xi.
Lord Zhang's chain stratagem...
...is a bit crude.
Not at all.
After all, the things the Embroidered Uniform Guard uses...
...you know better than I do.
There are only things the Depots and Guards don't want to know.
After all, this...
...was once concocted by you.
Its potency and severity...
...I believe you know better than I do.
You, Tang Xi, and Yuan Ran kidnapping Li Chenyang...
...is already a felony.
Speak.
Why did you do this?
Where is Li Chenyang now?
This Bone-Corroding Incense...
If an ordinary person consumes it...
...even if they spill the truth...
...they will become demented and dull.
Would you use it...
...on the Tang Clan's Young Mistress?
Naturally, it is used on...
...people who aren't that important.
Whose life are you treating as cheap?
Whether a life is cheap or not...
...depends on whether you tell the truth.